When Alexander Bell invented the telephone he had 3 missed calls from Chuck Norris
Fear of spiders is aracnaphobia, fear of tight spaces is chlaustraphobia, fear of Chuck Norris is called Logic
There used to be a street named after Chuck Norris, but it was changed because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives.
Chuck Norris died 20 years ago, Death just hasn't built up the courage to tell him yet.
If you rate this 5 roundhouse kicks, then Chuck Norris WILL roundhouse kick Justin Bieber's ass.
Chuck Norris has already been to Mars; that's why there are no signs of life.
Some magicans can walk on water, Chuck Norris can swim through land.
Chuck Norris and Superman once fought each other on a bet. The loser had to start wearing his underwear on the outside of his pants.
Chuck Norris once urinated in a semi truck's gas tank as a joke....that truck is now known as Optimus Prime.
Chuck Norris counted to infinity - twice.
Chuck Norris can cut through a hot knife with butter
Chuck Norris doesn't flush the toilet, he scares the sh*t out of it
Chuck Norris is the reason why Waldo is hiding.
Chuck Norris has a grizzly bear carpet in his room. The bear isn't dead it is just afriad to move.
Death once had a near-Chuck Norris experience
Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.
When the Boogeyman goes to sleep every night, he checks his closet for Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris doesn't call the wrong number. You answer the wrong phone.
Chuck Norris once kicked a horse in the chin. Its decendants are known today as Giraffes.
Chuck Norris will never have a heart attack. His heart isn't nearly foolish enough to attack him.
Chuck Norris can win a game of Connect Four in only three moves.
Chuck Norris once got bit by a rattle snake........ After three days of pain and agony ..................the rattle snake died
When Chuck Norris does a pushup, he isn't lifting himself up, he's pushing the Earth down.
Chuck Norris can light a fire by rubbing two ice-cubes together.
There is no theory of evolution. Just a list of animals Chuck Norris allows to live.
Chuck Norris doesn’t wear a watch. HE decides what time it is.
The original title for Alien vs. Predator was Alien and Predator vs Chuck Norris.
The film was cancelled shortly after going into preproduction. No one would pay nine dollars to see a movie fourteen seconds long.
Chuck Norris doesn't read books. He stares them down until he gets the information he wants.
Chuck Norris made a Happy Meal cry.
Some people wear Superman pajamas. Superman wears Chuck Norris pajamas.
Outer space exists because it's afraid to be on the same planet with Chuck Norris.
If you spell Chuck Norris in Scrabble, you win. Forever.
They once made a Chuck Norris toilet paper, but there was a problem: It wouldn't take shit from anybody.
Chuck Norris destroyed the periodic table, because Chuck Norris only recognizes the element of surprise.
Chuck Norris' hand is the only hand that can beat a Royal Flush.
When Chuck Norris was born he drove his mom home from the hospital
Chuck Norris was once asked to place his legs and fists in the cargo bay of a plane because weapons aren't allowed in the cabin.
Chuck Norris doesn't breathe, he holds air hostage.
In 1945 Chuck Norris drank a Redbull and jumped out a plane. For image results, Google the word Hiroshima.
Chuck once took a lie detector test. The machine confessed everything.
Usually when kids go to sleep they sleep with a teddy bear...Chuck Norris sleeps with an actual bear
They found Chuck's diary...It is now known as The Guiness Book of World Records.
Chuck Norris does not need Twitter...he is already following you.
There is no theory of evolution. Just a list of creatures Chuck Norris has allowed to live.
Chuck Norris’ calendar goes straight from March 31st to April 2nd - No one fools with Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can kill two stones with one bird.
When it's time for people to die, the Grim Reaper shows up. When its time for the Grim Reaper to die, Chuck Norris shows up.
If you misspell Chuck Norris on Google, it doesn't say: Did you mean Chuck Norris? It says RUN WHILE YOU STILL CAN!!!
Deaf People can hear Chuck Norris talk
Chuck norris doesn't turn on the shower he looks at it untill it crys
